[Syntax lookup] Add doc for explicit `string` interpolation (#404)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/language_explicit_string_interpolation.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: File should be called `language_string_interpolation.mdx`

> id: "explicit-string-interpolation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: "string-interpolation"
```

keywords: ["string", "interpolation"]
name: "``"

> summary: "This is the explicit `string` interpolation syntax."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "This is the `string interpolation` syntax."
```

category: "languageconstructs"
---

> An explicit `string` interpolation is composed of two backticks. It works like JavaScript's backtick string interpolation without the need to escape special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `string interpolation` is composed of two backticks. It works like JavaScript's backtick string interpolation without the need to escape special characters.
```
